Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure — Letter the First (Part 4)


					by John Cleland





Exported from Wikisource on February 23, 2021





I had it now, I felt it now: and beginning to drive, he soon gave nature such a powerful summons down to her favourite quarters, that she could no longer refuse repairing thither: all my animal spirits then rush'd mechanically to that center of attraction, and presently, inly warm'd, and stirr'd as I was beyond bearing, I lost all restraint, and yielding to the force of the emotion, gave down, as mere woman, those effusions of pleasure, which in the strictness of still faithful love, I could have wish'd to have held up.

Yet oh! what an immense difference did I feel between this impression of a pleasure merely animal, and struck out of the collision of the sexes, by a passive bodily effect, from that sweet fury, that rage of active delight which crowns the enjoyments of a mutual love-passion, where two hearts tenderly and truly united, club to exalt the joy, and give it a spirit and soul that bids defiance to that end, which mere momentary desires generally terminate in, when they die of a surfeit of satisfaction.

Mr. H——— whom no distinctions of that sort seem'd to distract, scarce gave himself or me breathing time from the last encounter, but as if he had task'd himself to prove that the appearances of his vigour, were not signs hung out in vain, in a few minutes he was in a condition for renewing the onset, to which preluding with a storm of kisses, he drove the same course as before with unabated fervour, and thus in repeated engagements, kept me constantly in exercise till dawn of morning, in all which time, he made me full sensible of the virtues of his firm texture of limbs, his square shoulders, broad chest, compact hard muscles, in short a system of manliness, that might pass for no bad image of our antient sturdy barons, when they weilded the battle-ax, whose race is now so thoroughly refin'd and fritter'd away into the more delicate and modern-built frame of our pap-nerv'd softlings, who are as pale, as pretty, and almost as masculine as their sisters.

Mr. H———, content however with having the day break upon his triumphs, resign'd me up to the refreshment of a rest we both wanted, and we soon dropt into a profound sleep.

Tho' he was some time awake before me, yet did he not offer to disturb a repose he had given me so much occasion for; but on my first stirring, which was not till past ten o'clock, I was oblig'd to endure one more trial of his manhood.

About eleven, in came Mrs. Jones, with two basins of the richest soupe, which her experience in these matters had mov'd her to prepare. I pass over the fulsome compliments, the cant of this decent procuress, with which she saluted us both, but tho' my blood rose at the sight of her, I supprest my emotions, and gave all my concern to reflections on what would be the consequence of this new engagement.

But Mr. H———, who penetrated my uneasiness, did not long suffer me to languish under it, and acquainted me, that having taken a solid sincere affection to me, he would begin by giving me one leading mark of it, in removing me out of a house which must for many reasons be irksome and disagreeable to me, into convenient lodgings, where he would take all imaginable care of me; and desiring me not to have any explanations with my landlady, or be impatient till he returned, he dress'd and went out, having left me a purse with two and twenty guineas in it, being all he had about him, as he exprest it, to keep my pocket till farther supplies.

As soon as he was gone, I felt the usual consequence of the first launch into vice; (for my love attachment to Charles never appear'd to me in that light). I was instantly born away down the stream, without the power of making back to the shore. My dreadful necessities, my gratitude, and above all, to say the plain truth, the dissipation, and diversion I began to find in this new acquaintance, from the black corroding thoughts my heart had been a prey to, ever since the absence of my dear Charles, concurr'd to stun all contrary reflections. If I now thought of my first, my only charmer, it was still with the tenderness and regret of the fondest love, embitter'd with the consciousness that I was no longer worthy of him. I could have beg'd my bread with him all over the world, but wretch that I was! I had neither the virtue nor courage requisite not to outlive my separation from him.

Yet! had not my heart been thus pre-ingag'd, Mr. H——— might probably have been the sole master of it, but the place was full, and the force of conjunctures alone had made him the possessor of my person; the charms of which had, by the bye been his sole object, and passion, and were of course, no foundation for a love either very delicate, or very durable.



He did not return till six in the evening, to take me away to my new lodgings, and my moveables being soon pack'd, and convey'd into a hackney-coach, it cost me but little regret to take my leave of a landlady whom I thought I had so much reason not to be overpleas'd with, and as for her part, she made no other difference to my staying, or going, but what that of the profit created.

We soon got to the house appointed for me, which was that of a plain tradesman, who, on the score of interest, was entirely at Mr. H———'s devotion, and who let him the first floor very genteelly furnish'd, for two guineas a week, of which I was instated mistress, with a maid to attend me.

He staid with me that evening, and we had a supper from a neighbouring tavern, after which, and a gay glass or two, the maid put me to bed, Mr. H——— soon follow'd, and notwithstanding the fatigues of the preceding night, I found no quarter nor remission from him: He piqu'd himself, as he told me, on doing the honours of my new apartment.

The morning being pretty well advanc'd, we got to breakfast: and the ice now broke, my heart, no longer engross'd by love, began to take ease, and to please itself with such trifles as Mr. H———'s liberal liking led him to make his court to the usual vanity of our sex. Silks, laces, ear-rings, pearl-necklace, gold watch, in short all the trinkets and articles of dress were lavishly heap'd upon me, the sense of which, if it did not create returns of love, forc'd a kind of grateful fondness something like love, a distinction it would be spoiling the pleasure of nine tenths of the keepers in the town to make, and is I suppose the very good reason why so few of them ever do make it.

I was now establish'd the kept mistress, in form, well lodg'd, with a very sufficient allowance, and lighted up with all the lustre of dress.



Mr. H——— continu'd kind and tender to me, yet, with all this I was far from happy; for, besides my regrets for my dear youth, which though often suspended, or diverted, still return'd upon me in certain melancholic moments with redoubl'd violence, I wanted more society, more dissipation.

As to Mr. H———, he was so much my superior in every sense, that I felt it too much to the disadvantage of the gratitude I ow'd him, thus he gain'd my esteem though he could not raise my taste; I was qualify'd for no sort of conversation with him, except one sort, and that is a satisfaction which leaves tiresome intervals, if not fill'd up by love, or other amusements.

Mr. H———, so experienc'd, so learned in the ways of women, numbers of whom had past through his hands, doubtless soon perceiv'd this uneasiness, and without approving or liking me the better for it, had the complaisance to indulge me.



He made suppers at my lodgings, where he brought several companions of his pleasures, with their mistresses, and by this means I got into a circle of acquaintance that soon strip'd me of all the remains of bashfulness and modesty which might be yet left of my country education, and were, to a just taste, perhaps, the greatest of my Charms.

We visited one another in form, and mimick'd, as near as we could, all the miseries, the follies, and impertinences of the women of quality, in the round of which they trifle away their time, without its ever entering into their little heads, that on earth there cannot subsist any thing more silly, more flat, more insipid and worthless, than, generally considered, their system of life is: they ought to treat the men as their tyrants indeed! were they to condemn them to it.

But tho', amongst the kept mistresses (and I was now acquainted with a good many, besides some useful matrons, who live by their connexions with them) I hardly knew one that did not perfectly detest her keepers, and of course, made little or no scruple of any infidelity they could safely accomplish, I had still no notion of wronging mine: for besides that no mark of jealousy on his side started me the hint, or gave me the provocation to play him a trick of that sort, and that his constant generosity, politeness, and tender attentions to please me, forc'd a regard to him, that, without affecting my heart, insur'd him my fidelity, no object had yet presented, that could overcome the habitual liking I had contracted for him: and I was on the eve of obtaining from the movements of his own voluntary generosity, a modest provision for life, when an accident happen'd which broke all the measures he had resolv'd upon in my favour,

I had now liv'd near seven months with Mr. H———, when one day returning to my lodgings, from a visit in the neighbourhood, where I us'd to stay longer, I found the street-door open, and the maid of the house standing at it talking with some of her acquaintance, so that I came in without knocking; and as I passed by, she told me Mr. H——— was above. I stept up stairs into my own bed-chamber, with no other thought than of pulling off my hat, &c. and then to wait upon him in the dining-room, into which my bed-chamber had a door, as is common enough. Whilst I was untying my hat-strings, I fancy'd I heard my maid Hannah's voice and a sort of tussle, which raising my curiosity, I stole softly to the door, where a knot in the wood had been slipt out, and afforded a very commanding peep-hole to the scene then in agitation, the actors of which had been too earnestly employ'd, to hear my opening my own door, from the landing place of the stairs, into my bed-chamber.

The first sight that struck me was Mr. H——— pulling and hauling this coarse country-strammel towards a couch that stood in a corner of the dining-room; to which the girl made only a sort of aukward hoidening resistance, crying out so loud! that I who listened at the door could scarce hear her, "Pray sir, don't —— let me alone —— I am not for your turn. —— You cannot, sure, demean yourself with such a poor body as I —— Lord! Sir, my mistress may come home —— I must not indeed —— I will cry out ——" All of which did not hinder her from insensibly suffering herself to be brought to the foot of the couch; upon which a push of no mighty violence serv'd to give her a very easy fall, and my gentleman having got up his hands to the strong-hold of her vartue, she no doubt thought it was time to give up the argument, and that all further defence would be in vain: and he throwing her petticoats over her face, which was now as red as scarlet, discover'd a pair of stout, plump, substantial thighs, and tolerably white; he mounted them round his hips, and coming out with his drawn weapon, stuck it in the cloven spot, where he seem'd to find a less difficult entrance than perhaps he had flatter'd himself with (for by the way this Blouze had left her place in the country for a bastard) and indeed all his motions shew'd he was lodg'd pretty much at large. After he had done, his dearee gets up, drops her petticoats down, and smooths her apron and handkerchief. Mr. H——— look'd a little silly, and taking out some money, gave it her, with an air indifferent enough, bidding her be a good girl, and say nothing.

Had I lov'd this man, it was not in nature for me to have had patience to see the whole scene through: I should have broke in and play'd the jealous princess with a vengeance; but that was not the case, my pride alone was hurt, my heart not, and I could easier win upon myself to see how far he would go, till I had no uncertainty upon my conscience.

The least delicate of all affairs of this sort being now over, I retir'd softly into my closet, where I began to consider what I should do: my first scheme naturally was to rush in and upbraid them: this, indeed, flatter'd my present emotions and vexations, as it would have given immediate vent to them; but, on second thoughts, not being so clear as to the consequences to be apprehended from such a step, I began to doubt whether it was not better to dissemble my discovery, till a safer season, when Mr. H——— should have perfected the settlement he had made overtures to me of, and which I was not to think such a violent explanation, as I was indeed not equal to the management of, could possibly forward, and might destroy. On the other hand, the provocation seem'd too gross, too flagrant, not to give me some thoughts of revenge; the very start of which idea restor'd me to perfect composure; and delighted as I was with the confus'd plan of it in my head, I was easily mistress enough of myself to support the part of ignorance I had prescrib'd to myself; and as all this circle of reflections was instantly over, I stole a tip-toe to the passage door, and opening it with a noise, past for having that moment come home; and after a short pause, as if to pull off my things, I open'd the door into the dining room, where I found the dowdy blowing the fire, and my faithful shepherd walking about the room, and whistling, as cool and unconcern'd, as if nothing had happen'd: I think, however, he had not much to brag of having out-dissembled me; for I kept up, nobly, the character of our sex for art, and went up to him with the same air of frankness, as I had ever receiv'd him. He staid but a little while, made some excuse for not being able to stay the evening with me, and went out.

As for the wench, she was now spoil'd at least for my servant; and scarce eight and forty hours were gone round, before her insolence, on what had pass'd between Mr. H——— and her, gave me so fair an occasion to turn her away at a minute's warning, that not to have done it would have been the wonder; so that he could neither disapprove it, nor find in it the least reason to suspect my original motive. What became of her afterwards I know not; but generous as Mr. H——— was, he undoubtedly made her amends: tho' I dare answer, that he kept up no farther commerce with her of that sort; as his stooping to such a coarse morsel, was only a sudden sally of lust, on seeing a wholesome-looking, buxom country-wench, and no more strange than hunger, or even a whimsical appetite's making a fling meal of neck-beef, for change of diet.

Had I consider'd this escapade of Mr. H——— in no more than that light, and contented myself with turning away the wench, I had thought and acted right; but, flush'd as I was with imaginary wrongs, I should have held Mr. H——— to have been cheaply off, if I had not push'd my revenge farther, and repaid him, as exactly as I could for the soul of me, in the same coin.

Nor was this worthy act of justice long delaid: I had it too much at heart, Mr. H——— had, about a fortnight before, taken into his service a tenant's son, just come out of the country, a very handsome young lad scarce turn'd of nineteen, fresh as a rose, well shap'd and clever-limb'd: in short, a very good excuse for any woman's liking, even tho' revenge had been out of the question; any woman, I say, who was disprejudic'd, and had wit and spirit enough to prefer a point of pleasure to a point of pride.

Mr. H——— had clap'd a livery upon him; and his chief employ was, after being shewn my lodgings, to bring and carry letters or messages between his master and me; and as the situation of all kept-ladies is not the fittest to inspire respect even to the meanest of mankind, and perhaps less of it from the most ignorant, I could not help observing, that this lad, who was, I suppose, acquainted with my relation to his master by his fellow servants, used to eye me, in that bashful confus'd way, more expressive, more moving, and readier catch'd at by our sex, than any other declarations whatever: my figure had, it seems, struck him, and modest and innocent as he was, he did not himself know that the pleasure he took in looking at me was love, or desire; but his eyes, naturally wanton, and now enflam'd with passion, spoke a great deal more than he durst have imagin'd they did. Hitherto indeed I had only taken notice of the comeliness of the youth, but without the least design: My pride alone would have guarded me from a thought that way, had not Mr. H———'s condescension with my maid, where there was not half the temptation in point of person, set me a dangerous example; but now I began to look on this stripling as every way a delicious instrument of my design'd retaliation upon Mr. H———, of an obligation for which I should have made a conscience to die in his debt.

In order then to pave the way for the accomplishment of my scheme, for two or three times that the young fellow came to me with messages, I manag'd so, as without affectation to have him admitted to my bed-side, or brought to me at my toilet, where I was dressing; and by carelessly shewing, or letting him see, as if without meaning or design, sometimes my bosom rather more bare than it should be; sometimes my hair, of which I had a very fine head, in the natural flow of it while combing; sometimes a neat leg, that had unfortunately slipt its garter, which I made no scruple of tying before him; easily gave him the impressions favourable to my purpose, which I could perceive to sparkle in his eyes, and glow in his cheeks: Then certain slight squeezes by the hand, as I took letters from him, did his business compleatly.

When I saw him thus mov'd, and fir'd for my purpose, I inflam'd him yet more, by asking him several leading questions; such as, "had he a mistress?——— was she prettier than me?——— could he love such a one as I was?——— and the like;" to all which the blushing simpleton answer'd to my wish, in a strain of perfect nature, perfect undebauch'd innocence, but with all the aukwardness and simplicity of country-breeding.

When I thought I had sufficiently ripen'd him for the laudable point I had in view; one day that I expected him at a particular hour, I took care to have the coast clear for the reception I design'd him: and, as I had laid it, he came to the dining-room door, tapped at it, and on my bidding him come in, he did so, and shut the door after him: I desir'd him then to bolt it on the inside, pretending it would not otherwise keep shut.

I was then lying at length upon that very couch, the scene of Mr. H———'s polite joys, in an undress, which was with all the art of negligence flowing loose, and in a most tempting disorder, no stay, no hoop——no incumbrance whatever: on the other hand, he stood at a little distance, that gave me a full view of a fine featur'd, shapely, healthy, country lad, breathing the sweets of fresh blooming youth: his hair, which was of a perfect shining black, play'd to his face in natural side-curls, and was set out with a smart tuck-up behind: new buck-skin breeches, that clipping close, shew'd the shape of a plump well made thigh, white stockings, garter-laced livery, shoulder-knot, altogether compos'd a figure in which the beauties of pure flesh and blood, appear'd under no disgrace from the lowness of a dress, to which a certain spruce neatness seems peculiarly fitted.

I bid him come towards me, and give me his letter, at the same time throwing down carelessly, a book I had in my hands. He colour'd, and came within reach of delivering me the letter, which he held out aukwardly enough for me to take, with his eyes riveted on my bosom, which was, through the design'd disorder of my handkerchief, sufficiently bare, and rather shaded than hid.



I, smiling in his face, took the letter, and immediately catching gently hold of his shirt sleeve, drew him towards me, blushing, and almost trembling: for surely his extreme bashfulness, and utter inexperience, call'd for at least all the advances to encourage him: his body was now conveniently inclin'd towards me, and just softly chucking his smooth beardless chin, I ask'd him, If he was afraid of a lady?——— and with that took and carrying his hand to my breasts, I prest it tenderly to them; they were now finely furnish'd, and rais'd in flesh, so that panting with desire, they rose, and fell, in quick heaves, under his touch: at this the boy's eyes began to lighten with all the fires of inflam'd nature, and his cheeks flush'd with a deep scarlet: tongue-tied with joy, rapture, and bashfulness, he could not speak, but then his looks, his emotion, sufficiently satisfy'd me that my train had taken, and that I had no disappointment to fear.



My lips, which I threw in his way, so as that he could not escape kissing them, fix'd, fir'd, and embolden'd him, and now glancing my eyes towards that part of his dress which cover'd the essential object of enjoyment, I plainly discover'd the swell and commotion there, and as I was now too far advanc'd to stop in so fair a way, and was indeed no longer able to contain myself, or wait the slower progress of his maiden bashfulness, (for such it seem'd, and really was) I stole my hand upon his thighs, down one of which, I could both see and feel a stiff hard body, confin'd by his breeches, that my fingers could discover no end to: curious then and eager to unfold so alarming a mystery, playing as it were with his buttons, which were bursting ripe from the active force within, those of his waist-band and fore-flap flew open at a touch, when out it started; and now, disengag'd from the shirt, I saw with wonder and surprize, what? not the play-thing of a boy, not the weapon of a man, but a may-pole of so enormous a standard, that had proportions been observ'd, it must have belong'd to a young giant: its prodigious size made me shrink again: yet! I could not without pleasure behold, and even ventur'd to feel, such a length! such a breadth of animated ivory, perfectly well turn'd and fashion'd, the proud stiffness of which distended its skin, whose smooth polish and velvet-softness, might vie with that of the most delicate of our sex, and whose exquisite whiteness was not a little set off by a sprout of black curling hair round the root, through the jetty sprigs of which, the fair skin shew'd as, in a fine evening, you may have remark'd the clear light æther, throught the branch-work of distant trees, over topping the summet of a hill: then the broad and bluish-casted incarnate of the head, and blue serpentines of its veins, altogether compos'd the most striking assemblage of figure and colours in nature; in short, it stood an object of terror and delight.



But what was yet more surprising, the owner of this natural curiosity (through the want of occasions in the strictness of his home-breeding, and the little time he had been in town not having afforded him one) was hitherto an absolute stranger, in practice at least, to the use of all that manhood he was so nobly stock'd with; and it now fell to my lot to stand his first trial of it, if I could resolve to run the risques of its disproportion to that tender part of me, which such an over-siz'd machine was very fit to lay in ruins.

But it was now of the latest to deliberate, for by this time, the young fellow, overheated with the present objects, and too high mettl'd to be longer curb'd in by that modesty and awe which had hitherto restrain'd him, ventur'd, under the stronger impulse and instructive promptership of nature alone, to slip his hands, trembling with eager impetuous desires, under my petty-coats, and seeing, I suppose, nothing extremely severe in my looks to stop, or dash him, he feels out and seizes gently the center-spot of his ardours: oh then! the fiery touch of his fingers determines me, and my fears melting away before the glowing intolerable heat, my thighs disclose of themselves, and yield all liberty to his hand: and now a favourable movement giving my petty-coats a toss, the avenue lay too fair, too open to be mist; he is now upon me: I had placed myself with a jet under him, as commodious, and open as possible to his attempts, which were untoward enough, for his machine meeting with no inlet, bore and batter'd stiffly against me in random pushes, now above, now below, now beside his point, till burning with impatience from its irritating touches, I guided gently with my hand, this furious fescue to where my young novice was now to be taught his first lesson of pleasure: thus-he nick'd at length the warm and insufficient orifice: but he was made to find no breach practicable, and mine, tho' so often enter'd, was still far from wide enough to take him easily in.



By my direction, however, the head of his unwieldy machine was so critically pointed, that feeling him fore-right against the tender opening, a favourable motion from me, met his timely thrust, by which the lips of it, strenuously dilated, gave way to his thus assisted impetuosity, so that we might both feel that he had gain'd a lodgement: persuing then his point, he soon, by violent, and to me most painful piercing thrusts, wedges himself at least so far in, as to be now tolerably secure of his entrance: here he stuck; and I now felt such a mixture of pleasure and pain, as there is no giving a definition of: I dreaded alike his splitting me farther up, or his with-drawing: I could not bear either to keep, or part with him: the sense of pain, however, prevailing, from his prodigious size and stiffness, acting upon me in those continu'd rapid thrusts with which he furiously persu'd his penetration, made me cry out gently: "oh, my dear, you hurt me!" This was enough to check the tender respectful boy, even in his mid-career: and he immediately drew out the sweet cause of my complaint, whilst his eyes eloquently express'd at once his grief for hurting me, and his reluctance at dislodging from quarters, of which the warmth and closeness had given him a gust of pleasure that he was now desire-mad to satisfy, and yet too much a novice not to be afraid of my withholding his relief, on account of the pain he had put me to.

But I was myself far from being pleas'd with his having too much regarded my tender exclaims, for now more and more fir'd with the object before me, as it still stood with the fiercest erection, unbonneted, and displaying its broad vermillion head: I first gave the youth a re-encouraging kiss, which he repaid me with a fervour that seem'd at once to thank me, and bribe my farther compliance, and I soon replac'd myself in a posture to receive, at all risques, the renew'd invasion, which he did not delay an instant; for being presently remounted, I once more felt the smooth hard gristle, forcing an entrance, which he achiev'd rather easier than before: pain'd, however, as I was, with his efforts of gaining a complete admission, which he was so regardful as to manage by gentle degrees, I took care not to complain; in the mean time, the soft strait passage gradually loosens, yields, and, stretch'd to its utmost bearing, by the stiff, thick, in-driven engine, sensible at once to the ravishing pleasure of the feel, and the pain of the distension, let him in about half way, when all the most nervous activity he now exerted to further his penetration, gain'd him not an inch of his purpose; for whilst he hesitated there, the crisis of pleasure overtook him, and the close compressure of the warm surrounding fold, drew from him the extatic gush, even before mine was ready to meet it, kept up by the pain I had endur'd in the course of the engagement, from the unsufferable size of his weapon, tho' it was not as yet in above half its length.

I expected then, but without wishing it, that he would draw; but was pleasingly disappointed, for he was not to be let off so. The well breath'd youth, hot-mettl'd, and flush with genial juices, was now fairly in for making me know my driver: as soon then as he had made a short pause, waking as it were out of the trance of pleasure, (in which every sense seem'd lost for a while, whilst, with his eyes shut, and short quick breathings, he had yielded down his maiden tribute;) he still kept his post, yet unsated with enjoyment, and solacing in these so new delights, till his stiffness, which had scarce perceptibly remitted, being throughly recover'd to him, who had not once unsheath'd, he proceeded afresh to cleave and open to himself an entire entry into me, which was not a little made easy to him by the balsamic injection, with which he had just plentifully moisten'd the whole internals of the passage; redoubling then the active energy of his thrusts, favour'd by the fervid appetency of my motions, the soft oil'd wards can no longer stand so effectual a picklock, but yield, and open him an entrance: and now with conspiring nature, and my industry, strong to aid him, he pierces, penetrates, and at length, winning his way inch by inch, gets entirely in, and finally, a home-made thrust, sheaths it up to the guard; on the information of which, from the close jointure of our bodies, (insomuch that the hair on both sides perfectly interweav'd, and incircl'd, together), the eyes of the transported youth sparkl'd with more joyous fires, and all his looks and motions acknowledg'd excess of pleasure, which I now began to share, for I felt him in my very vitals! I was quite sick with delight! stir'd beyond bearing with its furious agitations within me, and gorg'd and cram'd even to surfeit: thus I lay gasping, panting, under him, till his broken breathings, faltering accents, eyes twinkling with humid fires, lunges more furious, and an encreased stiffness, gave me to hail the approaches of the second period:——it came,—— and the sweet youth, overpower'd with the extasy, died away in my arms, melting in a flood, that shot in genial warmth into the innermost recesses of my body, every conduit of which, dedicated to that pleasure, was on flow to mix with it: thus we continu'd for some instants, lost, breathless, senseless of every thing, and in every part, but those favourite ones of nature, in which all that we enjoy'd of life and sensation, was now totally concenter'd.

When our mutual trance was a little over, and the young fellow had withdrawn that delicious stretcher, with which he had most plentifully drown'd all thoughts of revenge, in the sense of actual pleasure, the widen'd wounded passage refunded a stream of pearly liquids, which flow'd down my thighs, mix'd with streaks of blood the marks of the ravage of that monstrous machine of his, which had now triumph'd over a kind of second maiden-head: I stole, however, my handkerchief to those parts, and wip'd them as dry as I could, whilst he was re-adjusting and buttoning up.

I made him now sit down by me, and as he had gather'd courage from such extreme intimacy, he gave me an aftercourse of pleasure, in a natural burst of tender gratitude and joy, at the new scenes of bliss I had open'd to him: scenes positively so new, that he had never before had the least acquaintance with that mysterious mark, the cloven stamp of female distinction, tho' nobody better qualify'd than he to penetrate into its deepest recesses, or do it nobler justice; but when by certain motions, certain unquietnesses of his hands, that wander'd not without design, I found he languish'd for satisfying a curiosity, natural enough, to view and handle those parts which attract and concentre the warmest force of imagination, charm'd as I was to have any occasion of obliging and humouring his young desires, I suffer'd him to proceed as he pleas'd, without check or controul, to the satisfaction of them.

Easily then reading in my eyes the full permission of myself to all his wishes, he scarce pleas'd himself more than me, when having insinuated his hand under my petticoat and shift, he presently remov'd those bars to the sight, by slily lifting them upwards, under favour of a thousand kisses, which he thought, perhaps, necessary to divert my attention to what he was about. All my drapery being now roll'd up to my waist, I threw myself into such a posture upon the couch, as gave up to him, in full view, the whole region of delight, and all the luxurious landscape round it. The transported youth devour'd every thing with his eyes, and try'd with his fingers to lay more open to his sight the secrets of that dark and delicious deep: he opens the folding lips, the softness of which yielding entry to any thing of a hard body, close round it, and oppose the sight: and feeling further, meets with, and wonders at, a soft fleshy excrescence, which, limber and relax'd after the late enjoyment, now grew, under the touch and examination of his fiery fingers, more and more stiff and considerable, till the titillating ardours of that so sensible part, made me sigh, as if he had hurt me. On which he withdrew his curious probing fingers, asking me pardon, as it were, in a kiss that rather increas'd the flame there.

Novelty ever makes the strongest impressions, and in pleasures especially: no wonder then, that he was swallow'd up in raptures of admiration of things so interesting by their nature, and now seen and handled for the first time. On my part, I was richly overpaid for the pleasure I gave him, in that of examining the power of those objects thus abandon'd to him, naked, and free to his loosest wish, over the artless, natural stripling: his eyes streaming fire, his cheeks glowing with a florid red, his fervid frequent sighs, whilst his hands convulsively squeez'd, opened, press'd together again the lips and sides of that deep flesh-wound, or gently twitch'd the over-growing moss; and all proclaim'd the excess, the riot of joys, in having his wantonness thus humour'd. But he did not long abuse my patience, for the objects before him had now put him by all his, and coming out with that formidable machine of his, he lets the fury loose, and pointing it directly to the pouting-lipt mouth, that bid him sweet defiance in dumb-shew, squeezes in the head, and driving with refresh'd rage, breaks in, and plugs up the whole passage of that soft-pleasure-conduit, where he makes all shake again, and put once more all within me into such an uproar, as nothing could still, but a fresh inundation from the very engine of those flames, as well as from all the springs with which nature floats that recevoir of joy, when risen to its flood-mark.

I was now so bruised, so batter'd, so spent with this over-match, that I could hardly stir, or raise myself, but lay palpitating, till the ferment of my sense subsiding by degrees, and the hour striking at which I was oblig'd to dispatch my young man, I tenderly advis'd him of the necessity there was for parting; which I felt as much displeasure at as he could do, who seem'd eagerly dispos'd to keep the field, and to enter on a fresh action: but the danger was too great: and after some hearty kisses of leave, and recommendations of secrecy, and discretion, I forc'd myself to force him away, not without assurances of seeing him again, to the same purpose, as soon as possible, and thrust a guinea into his hands: not more; lest being too flush of money, a suspicion or discovery, might arise from thence, having every thing to fear from the dangerous indiscretion of that age in which young fellows would be too irresistable, too charming, if we had not that terrible fault to guard against.

Giddy and intoxicated as I was with such satiating draughts of pleasure, I still lay on the couch, supinely stretch'd out, in a delicious languor diffus'd over all my limbs, hugging myself for being thus reveng'd to my heart's content, and that in a manner so precisely alike, and on the identical spot, in which I had receiv'd the suppos'd injury: no reflections on the consequences ever once perplex'd me, nor did I make myself one single reproach for having, by this step, completely enter'd myself of a profession more decry'd than disus'd. I should have held it ingratitude to the pleasure I had receiv'd, to have repented of it; and since I was now over the bar, I thought by plunging over head and ears into the stream I was hurried away by, to drown all sense of shame or reflection.

Whilst I was thus making these laudable dispositions, and whispering to myself a kind of tacit vow of incontinency, enters Mr. H——— The consciousness of what I had been doing, deepen'd yet the glowing of my cheeks, flushed with the warmth of the late action, which, join'd to the piquant air of my dishabil, drew from Mr. H——— a compliment on my looks, which he was proceeding to back the sincerity of with proofs, and that with so brisk an action, as made me tremble for fear of a discovery from the condition those parts were left in from their late severe handling: the orifice dilated and inflam'd, the lips swoln with their uncommon distension, the ringlets press'd down, crush'd and uncurl'd with the overflowing moisture that had wet every thing round it; the different feel and state of things, in short, would hardly have pass'd, upon one of Mr. H———'s nicety and experience, unaccounted for but by the real cause; but here the woman sav'd me: I pretended a violent disorder of my head, and a feverish heat, that indispos'd me too much to receive his embraces. He gave in to this, and good-naturedly desisted. Soon after, an old lady coming in made a third, very a propos for the confusion I was in, and Mr. H———, after bidding me take care of myself, and recommending me to my repose, left me much at ease, and reliev'd by his absence.

In the close of the evening, I took care to have prepar'd for me a warm bath of aromatick and sweet herbs; in which, having fully lav'd, and solaced myself, I came out voluptuously refresh'd in body and spirit.

The next morning, waking pretty early after a night's perfect rest and composure, it was not without some dread and uneasiness, that I thought of what innovation that tender soft system of mine might have sustain'd from the shock of a machine so siz'd for its destruction.

Struck with this apprehension, I scarce dar'd to carry my hand thither, to inform myself of the state and posture of things.

But I was soon agreeably cur'd of my fears.



The silky hair that cover'd round the borders, now smooth'd and reprun'd, had resum'd its wonted curl and trimness; the fleshy pouting lips, that had stood the brunt of the engagement, were no longer swoln or moisture-drench'd: and neither they, nor the passage into which they open'd, that had suffer'd so great a dilatation, betray'd any the least alteration, outward or inwardly, to the most curious research, notwithstanding also the laxity that naturally follows the warm bath.

This continuation of that grateful stricture which is in us, to the men, the very jet of their pleasure, I ow'd, it seems, to a happy habit of body, juicy, plump and furnish'd towards the texture of those parts, with a fullness of soft springy flesh, that yeilding sufficiently as it does, to almost any distension, soon recovers itself so as to retighten that strict compression of its mantlings and folds which form the sides of the passage, wherewith it so tenderly embraces, and closely clips any foreign body introduc'd into it, such as my exploring finger then was.

Finding then every thing in due tone and order, I remember'd my fears, only to make a jest of them to myself. And now, palpably mistress of any size of man, and triumphing in my double achievement of pleasure and revenge, I abandon'd myself entirely to the ideas of all the delight I had swam in. I lay stretching out, glowingly alive all over, and tossing with burning impatience for the renewal of joys that had sinn'd but in a sweet excess: now did I lose my longing, for about ten in the morning, according to expectation, Will, my new humble sweet-heart, came with a message from his master, Mr. H———, to know how I did. I had taken care to send my maid on an errand into the city, that I was sure would take up time enough; and from the people of the house I had nothing to fear, as they were plain good sort of folks, and wise enough to mind no more other people's business than they could well help.

All dispositions then made, not forgetting that of lying in bed to receive him; when he was enter'd the door of my bed-chamber, a latch that I govern'd by a wire, descended, and secur'd it.

I could not but observe that my young minion was as much spruc'd out as could be expected from one in his condition; a desire of pleasing that could not be indifferent to me, since it prov'd that I pleased him, which I assure you was now a point I was not above having in view.

His hair trimly dress'd, clean linnen and above all, a hale, ruddy, wholesome country look, made him out as pretty a piece of woman's meat as you could see, and I should have thought any one much out of taste, that could not have made a hearty meal of such a morsel as nature seemed to have design'd for the highest diet of pleasure.





About this digital edition


This e-book comes from the online library Wikisource[1]. This multilingual digital library, built by volunteers, is committed to developing a free accessible collection of publications of every kind: novels, poems, magazines, letters...

We distribute our books for free, starting from works not copyrighted or published under a free license. You are free to use our e-books for any purpose (including commercial exploitation), under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported[2] license or, at your choice, those of the GNU FDL[3].

Wikisource is constantly looking for new members. During the realization of this book, it's possible that we made some errors. You can report them at this page[4].

The following users contributed to this book:

Chrisguise

Shanel

Billinghurst

Hilohello

John Vandenberg

24.165.12.148





* * *



↑ https://en.wikisource.org

↑ https://www.creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0

↑ https://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html

↑ https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Wikisource:Scriptorium





